Add venture docs (#3)
crisp-studio/playbook: content/03-ventures/01-purpose.md

# Purpose

> ## What is a Venture?

Reviewer: I'd use the Chicago Manual of Style for the capitalization of titles. See [title.sh](https://title.sh) for an easy tool to generate them.

```suggestion
## What Is a Venture?
```

Author: Sounds useful to take this as a guideline. Is there are a good resource to scan through the Chicago Manual?

Reviewer: You can read more about it here: http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/

> The venture is _a risky or daring journey or undertaking_. For us, a venture is, when we develop a digital product on our own, that is useful for others and generates monthly recurring revenue. Most of the time, this is something we feel is missing in the market and that we are eager to bring to people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The venture is _a risky or daring journey or undertaking_. For us, venturing means developing a digital product that is useful for others and generates monthly recurring revenue. Most of the time, this is something we feel is missing in the market and that we are eager to bring to people.
```

> ## Practice what we preach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Practice What We Preach
```

When we develop our own products, we can experiment with methods and technology in a safe environment. This helps us to grow the experience and confidence in our competences and to stay up to date.

> ## The process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Process
```
